[Security][Agent Builder] Document Add to chat for alerts and related Agent Builder/Workflows updates (#7810)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/reference/step-types.md

## Deprecated step types [workflows-deprecated-steps]

> These still work in existing workflows but can't be used in new ones. They're hidden from autocomplete and the **Add Action** menu, and the YAML editor shows a deprecation warning with a replacement suggestion on hover. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated step types still work in existing workflows but can't be used in new ones. They're hidden from autocomplete and the **Add Action** menu, and the YAML editor shows a deprecation warning with a replacement suggestion on hover. 
```
